hey sweet nice that he turned on
have with me on my youtube channel
today it's about eyebrows so have
l have not had a wife lately
do not get to know the problems with
She had her eyes tomorrow
narrow
it no longer grows here specially it
is growing because not billions have young
I plucked my eyebrows or
At that time it was the fashion for space
to wear and now it is
rather in when the eyebrows are already in
little bushido or already
a little bit thicker
I can not really care now
complain so i have eyebrows
Now I want you a little bit too
Define it already here
do not let certain jobs grow
in the sense of growing but that they are
really grow and I have a lot of
I also have many embryos
results are also positive
Results
where beside eyebrows in many around
which are growing and then just from
give zero back to a certain shape
could define or salvaged
and jan i just decided with
this andrew's euro-currency tour too
begin
and I thought if I changed my mind now
I'll do it for sure
bought the from it, it can online
Order is available at amazon
meanwhile or at endlessly directly in the
Oberpollinger in Munich
Douglas certain places have that
breuninger with technical sheeran
and yes I will be with the
start cultivating and become it
really consistent every night
Apply completely on my eyebrows
and how the people who are interested in it
I will be back once a month or me
I will give you a picture twice a month
eyebrows do that too
so that you can follow just like that
i became i still will today
times
take a picture and become the on
you have only instagram posts
picture before and I will always
take the comparative photos and I'll show
you then ever before after and yes
Let's see how the eyebrows
developed when you see her just me
Of course I have already traced because
ascended
In between, I had recently even
a little accident where mine
budgerigars just a little bit
I think they are gnawing
Little to blame for that thanks
certain places are missing in the moment
available
I want you a little bit thicker
as they are now and next to them
nice shape and yes show you all
just look at the moment again
The eyebrows taste like the taste
you can watch the times
I always get compliments because
The on the rank but find great
Unfortunately, I have to disappoint you too
for me they are partly traced
this is what we look like i think i have
really everything tuned in the moment
So it's not bad for me now
I really have a lot in the front and me
really would look here for me
then get a little more and
in the back just a series or
two rows max that just one
a little more looks like more because im
moment I think that actually synonymous
other beautiful and then I would have if
I should only trace one
to define a bit or with his team
just bring in shape and if
I personally much more beautiful
like i said i will keep you going
Report if you ask about the series
you should like the like
Set up in youtube channel or below
as private on facebook on his
fanpage 1
can you tell me direct
send on nsa make up or just
In the meantime you can also do instagram
send private messages city
longer or just commented the
Pictures and I answer yes and otherwise
the pictures are full and I am very happy myself
even very curious how the product
It will be like opening up
that also times that wet tackle
could actually look like again
mascara or yes something like that
like a lip gloss or nail polish in one
and I 'll really get it all done
the eyebrows every evening on the
cleansing the skin
you can do it a bit
massage in and who wants to can
use twice a day is for everyone
leave
and you beauty has others too
I remember that I call her for
there are still eyelashes there
No experience but the for
make my eyes when I'm on all cases
test because I have only been positive to date
I have heard in this sense, I hope
that I could enlighten you somehow
or interest could arouse if you
have any questions asked me
otherwise I report and we
stay that way and yes, until the next one
I wish you in any case
have fun
until next time